[12.0][IMP] dms: Portal (#22)
OCA/dms: dms/readme/USAGE.rst

The best way to manage the documents is to switch to the Documents view.
Existing documents can be managed there and new documents can be created.

> Portal functionallity
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> The best way to active portal is create Access group that allow read some users (or groups) and apply to some directories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Portal functionality
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can add any portal user to DMS access groups, and then allow that group in directories, so they will see in the portal such directories and their files.

Another possibility is to click on "Share" button inside a directory or a file for obtaining a tokenized link for single access to that resource, no matter if logged or not.
```

The best way to manage the documents is to switch to the Documents view.
Existing documents can be managed there and new documents can be created.

Portal functionality
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can add any portal user to DMS access groups, and then allow that group in directories, so they will see in the portal such directories and their files.

Reviewer: Missing empty lines for paragraphs (in both).
